Rift Tap
    Software Improvements
        (implemented, still needs manual human testing) Deck import breaks if a bad scan occurs
            We should fail gracefully instead and handle this.  If a user is scanning in from a decklist and a card fails to scan, we should display an error and not move on from the current card.  However, we should still be able to assign whatever the next card with a good scan is.

        (Implemented, still need to manually test when hardware arrives) Need to stop pi from auto turning off/disconnecting its connection after a timeout.  Want it always on while powered.
        
        Support for multiple rift-tap devices to be hooked into one PC host.
            If a scan happens on any device, the data is pushed to the same feed.  Basically support for each player to have a rift tap next to them instead of one shared one in the center of the table.

            Setting a room-based session might work with like a 6 letter room code

        Support for multiple rift-tap device to be remotely hooked into one feed.
            Similar to the above feature, but now internet connected, so that up to 4 players at remote setups could hook into one shared feed.  

            Room based system with password protection on the room itself.

            Will likely need to host a 3rd party service in the cloud that the rift-tap devices somehow auth into. 

            Creds could probably be created unique per device, then stored and encrypted on the device during setup and shared with host authenticator server in the cloud. 

            May be easier to just support internet connected rooms rather than both offline and online room types.

        Mis-scans happening semi-frequently when repeatedly scanning the same card
            this could also be due to quick deterioration of the nfc sticker or may have something to do with foiled cards.
                more investigation required.

        Add support for adding a second browser source endpoint for points tracking, so there will now be a card overlay page and a points overlay page that can both be pointed to separately as a distinct browser sources.

        Add support for wifi mode, so the user can instead just give the pi power and connect to it wirelessly.
            This mode will require the user to configure a wifi connection for the pi, and to setup a username and password in order to access the settings page, otherwise anyone else on the network could connect to the device and change settings.

            Wifi config settings can be saved and persisted between power cycles.

            Admin username and password will need to be redone after a power boot.  This is to avoid having to setup a 3rd party auth flow.  User will connect to wifi, configure admin creds to get into the rift-tap settings page via internet, which will persist until the device is powered off and on again, at which point the user will setup a new settings page username and password.  This is just basic protection to stop any rando on the same network from connecting to settings page and messing with it without the intended user's consent.

            There should be disclaimers that heavily encourage the use of the wired mode over wireless instead when feasible.

        Add actual software lifecycle management to allow for super easy OTA updates.  Either to update code app code itself or just to add new cards to the db.

        Allow for point score tracking via the web ui.
            Doing it this way allows both basic and pro models to at least output the html source for points tracking and such somewhat easily, pro model just gets easy taps for it.

            See relevant section in pro model for additional details on this feature.

            This feature will need its own settings panel. (We'll break down the settings page into multiple tabs, one for the card ui, one for global settings, one for point tracking settings)

            Need to allow users to choose to either display the point tracker html source as one entire source, or to output each element as an individual source.
                This will allow a user to have fine grained access over which parts of the point tracker they actually want to display and to be able to move them around freely.  So if a user just wants the full point tracker UI they can get it one go, or they can choose to get just player 1's score and player 2's scores as separate elements and then import and move them around freely.

                This feature should be discussed more, as users may already be able to achieve this functionality by just creating a duplicate of the original browser source and cropping it, making this feature a minor quality of life feature that is not native to a target user's workflow.
		
    Hardware Improvements    
        Visual/audio feedback of a scan
            will need to find a small, low profile speaker and led module that can be used 
                will need to add settings to allow user to control if they want led and/or speaker feedback.

            Current hat has gpio pass through on top, so we should be able to just directly plug into the top of the hat. although this will require slightly more distance to be placed between the reader and the top of the product case, impacting scan performance slightly.
        
        For pro model with a screen, add feature for touchscreen to act as a point tracker like a lifeboard
            players will be able to score by conquering (right tap) or by holding (left tap)

            Keep track of how players scored and be able to display that via a button tap.

            integrate with turn indicator if enabled to show what turns the scores occurred.

            All of these capabilities can be toggled on/off via settings

        For pro model, add the ability to track turns as well.
            toggleable off/on in settings

        For pro model, rerender ui with a layout optimized for mobile like screen ratios.
	
        For both models, add optional battery add on to allow the device to be used fully wirelessly
            need to decide between AA batteries or some form of directly rechargeable solution.
	
	